docs: Fixed Typo in docs FAQ section (#516)
pingdotgg/uploadthing: docs/src/pages/faq.mdx

### Some of my other components look weird now... what's up with that?

> You may need to check the order of imports. Make sure that the uploadthing

Reviewer: This is not grammatically correct.

their `middleware.ts` is configured incorrectly.

Make sure that `/api/uploadthing` is NOT blocked through your middleware. It

> serves as both a validation endpoint from the client AND a webhook for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
serves as both a validation endpoint for the client AND a webhook for the
```

### My callback runs in development but not in production

> For UploadThing to work, our external server has to be able to reach

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for UploadThing to work, our external server must be able to reach
```
